we see that god has been better to me than I deserved certainly is true
about my career it seemed like there were always people willing to
give me a leg up and give me an opportunity to do something useful
but I have some natural inclinations and proclivities that I needed
to overcome to be able to succeed and one of those is I have a very
quick Tom and I had to learn to think before I speak times because I'm
inclined to say things that I had to later regret retract so I think
my biggest hurdle have been internal my procrastination and my sharp
tongue but I seem to have found ways to get around both of those
to get where I wanna be and the feel good about the things of the
chief